Add Agentforce info (#722)
box/developer.box.com: content/guides/tooling/salesforce-toolkit/box-agents-package.md

---
rank: 5
related_endpoints: []
related_guides:
  - tooling/sdks/salesforce
required_guides: []
related_resources: []
alias_paths: []
---
# Box Agents Package

The Box Agents Package is an extension of the Box for Salesforce managed
package. This extension provides reusable Agentforce [actions][actions] that
help automate workflows and enhance intelligent agent—based processes within
Salesforce.
It builds on the core features of the Box for Salesforce package and uses
global, invocable Apex methods to improve functionality. The Box Agents Package 

> references the methods by using the (box) names pace in Agentforce Actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
references the methods by using the (box) name space in Agentforce Actions.
```
